doc/patterns-3x3x3/README.md, before:

Rubik's Cube 3x3x3 Patterns
===========================

File [rubik-cube-patterns-3x3x3.inc](../../rubik-cube-patterns-3x3x3.inc)
contains movements which can be applied to a non-mixed cube to produce
some nice patterns. A lot of patterns are got from site
[ruwix.com](https://ruwix.com).

All patterns have common prefix `rubik_cube_patterns_3x3x3_`. The
suffix `exchanged` means that opposite sides exchanged by pieces. The
suffix `twisted` meanse that adjacent sides exchanged by pieces.


Checkerboards
-------------

### [Exchanged](checkerboard-exchanged)
```
rubik_cube_patterns_3x3x3_checkerboard_exchanged
```
![](checkerboard-exchanged/checkerboard-exchanged.png)


### [Twisted](checkerboard-twisted)
```
rubik_cube_patterns_3x3x3_checkerboard_twisted
```
![](checkerboard-twisted/checkerboard-twisted.png)


[The Superflip](superflip)
--------------------------
Every piece is where it's supposed to be but the edges are oriented
wrong. It is need the highest amount of steps (20) to solve this
state.
```
rubik_cube_patterns_3x3x3_superflip
```
![](superflip/superflip.png)


[Table Cloth](tablecloth)
-------------------------
```
rubik_cube_patterns_3x3x3_tablecloth
```
![](tablecloth/tablecloth.png)

Commit message:

Cube in cube in cube pattern is added.

doc/patterns-3x3x3/README.md, after:

Rubik's Cube 3x3x3 Patterns
===========================

File [rubik-cube-patterns-3x3x3.inc](../../rubik-cube-patterns-3x3x3.inc)
contains movements which can be applied to a non-mixed cube to produce
some nice patterns. A lot of patterns are got from site
[ruwix.com](https://ruwix.com).

All patterns have common prefix `rubik_cube_patterns_3x3x3_`. The
suffix `exchanged` means that opposite sides exchanged by pieces. The
suffix `twisted` meanse that adjacent sides exchanged by pieces.


Checkerboards
-------------

### [Exchanged](checkerboard-exchanged)
```
rubik_cube_patterns_3x3x3_checkerboard_exchanged
```
![](checkerboard-exchanged/checkerboard-exchanged.png)


### [Twisted](checkerboard-twisted)
```
rubik_cube_patterns_3x3x3_checkerboard_twisted
```
![](checkerboard-twisted/checkerboard-twisted.png)


[Cube in Cube in Cube](cube-in-cube-in-cube)
--------------------------------------------
```
rubik_cube_patterns_3x3x3_cube_in_cube_in_cube
```
![](cube-in-cube-in-cube/cube-in-cube-in-cube.png)


[The Superflip](superflip)
--------------------------
Every piece is where it's supposed to be but the edges are oriented
wrong. It is need the highest amount of steps (20) to solve this
state.
```
rubik_cube_patterns_3x3x3_superflip
```
![](superflip/superflip.png)


[Table Cloth](tablecloth)
-------------------------
```
rubik_cube_patterns_3x3x3_tablecloth
```
![](tablecloth/tablecloth.png)
