doc/README.md, before:

POV-Ray Rubik's Cube
====================

Basics
------

### Cube Dimensions

Each cube consists of a number of pieces, which are kept internally as
a 3D array. The dimensions of a cube are given in a form of a 3D
vector. Each element of this vector corresponds to the cube dimension
along the corresponding axis (in number of pieces).


### [Simple Cube](simple-cube)

![](simple-cube/simple-cube.png)

A solved classic 3x3x3 cube can be created in just two steps:

1. Create a 3x3x3 cube with the classic color scheme:
   ```
   rubik_cube_create_cube(<3, 3, 3>, rubik_cube_colors_classic)
   ```

2. The macro above returns created cube in a form of a 3D array. Such
   form is not suitable for rendering. The array is converted into an
   object by means of the following macro:
   ```
   rubik_cube_to_object(...)
   ```


### [Cuboid](cuboid)

![](cuboid/cuboid.png)

Cuboids of any dimensions (for example, Rubik's Tower) can be created
by altering dimensions:
```
  rubik_cube_create_cube(<2, 4, 2>, ...)
```


### [Colors Customization](colors-customization)

![](colors-customization/colors-customization.png)

Cube colors can be customized by passing an array of colors into the
`rubik_cube_create_cube()` macro:
```
rubik_cube_create_cube(
  ...,
  array[6] { Wheat, Maroon, SlateBlue, MidnightBlue, Tan, Goldenrod }
)
```

Colors order is the same as used in built-in `cubic` pattern: right,
top, back, left, bottom and front.


Animations
----------

### [Cube Mixing](cube-mixing)

![](cube-mixing/cube-mixing.gif)

1. Create a 3x3x3 cube with the classic color scheme:
   ```
   rubik_cube_create_cube(<3, 3, 3>, rubik_cube_colors_classic)
   ```

2. Generate some random layers rotations:
   ```
   rubik_cube_generate_random_movements(
     <3, 3, 3>,   // Cube dimensions.
     5,           // Number of random rotations.
     seed(1)      // Seed for randomizer.
   )
   ```

3. Animate cube (rotate layers according to the current clock
   value):
   ```
   rubik_cube_animate(
     ...
     0,           // Clock value, the animation to be started at.
     1            // Clock value, the animation to be finished at.
   )
   ```

4. Transform cube from its internal representation (3D array) into an
   object:
   ```
   rubik_cube_to_object(...)
   ```


### [Movements Reflection](movements-reflection)

To return a cube back into its condition after layers rotations, those
rotations can be 'reflected':
```
rubik_cube_reflect_movements(fwd_movements)
```

![](movements-reflection/movements-reflection.gif)

Commit message:

Documentation for layers rotation is added.

doc/README.md, after:

POV-Ray Rubik's Cube
====================

Basics
------

### Cube Dimensions

Each cube consists of a number of pieces, which are kept internally as
a 3D array. The dimensions of a cube are given in a form of a 3D
vector. Each element of this vector corresponds to the cube dimension
along the corresponding axis (in number of pieces).


### [Simple Cube](simple-cube)

![](simple-cube/simple-cube.png)

A solved classic 3x3x3 cube can be created in just two steps:

1. Create a 3x3x3 cube with the classic color scheme:
   ```
   rubik_cube_create_cube(<3, 3, 3>, rubik_cube_colors_classic)
   ```

2. The macro above returns created cube in a form of a 3D array. Such
   form is not suitable for rendering. The array is converted into an
   object by means of the following macro:
   ```
   rubik_cube_to_object(...)
   ```


### [Cuboid](cuboid)

![](cuboid/cuboid.png)

Cuboids of any dimensions (for example, Rubik's Tower) can be created
by altering dimensions:
```
  rubik_cube_create_cube(<2, 4, 2>, ...)
```


### [Colors Customization](colors-customization)

![](colors-customization/colors-customization.png)

Cube colors can be customized by passing an array of colors into the
`rubik_cube_create_cube()` macro:
```
rubik_cube_create_cube(
  ...,
  array[6] { Wheat, Maroon, SlateBlue, MidnightBlue, Tan, Goldenrod }
)
```

Colors order is the same as used in built-in `cubic` pattern: right,
top, back, left, bottom and front.


### [Layers Rotation](layers-rotation)

Layers rotations are given in a form of an array. Each element of the
array is a 4D vector, which describes a layer rotation. The first
three elements of this vector are rotational vector. Only one of those
elements can have a non-zero value. The last element is index of the
layer to be rotated. The minimal index is zero. The layers are counted
along the basis axis.

![](layers-rotation/layers-rotation-3x3x3.png)

All but the latest rotation in the array must rotate layers on -180,
-90, 0, 90 or 180 degrees, because rotations on other angles
(non-divisible by 90) 'breaks' the cube:
```
rubik_cube_rotate_layers(
  ...,
  array[2] {<-90, 0, 0, 1>, <0, -30, 0, 2>}
)
```

The valid (non the latest) rotations for a non-square cuboid layer are
limited by -180, 0 and 180 degrees, for the same reason. (though real
cuboids can have 'broken' layers)

![](layers-rotation/layers-rotation-2x4x2.png)


Animations
----------

### [Cube Mixing](cube-mixing)

![](cube-mixing/cube-mixing.gif)

1. Create a 3x3x3 cube with the classic color scheme:
   ```
   rubik_cube_create_cube(<3, 3, 3>, rubik_cube_colors_classic)
   ```

2. Generate some random layers rotations:
   ```
   rubik_cube_generate_random_movements(
     <3, 3, 3>,   // Cube dimensions.
     5,           // Number of random rotations.
     seed(1)      // Seed for randomizer.
   )
   ```

3. Animate cube (rotate layers according to the current clock
   value):
   ```
   rubik_cube_animate(
     ...
     0,           // Clock value, the animation to be started at.
     1            // Clock value, the animation to be finished at.
   )
   ```

4. Transform cube from its internal representation (3D array) into an
   object:
   ```
   rubik_cube_to_object(...)
   ```


### [Movements Reflection](movements-reflection)

To return a cube back into its condition after layers rotations, those
rotations can be 'reflected':
```
rubik_cube_reflect_movements(fwd_movements)
```

![](movements-reflection/movements-reflection.gif)
